In 9 days, on the 15th of July, Audible will release the first of the SANDMAN audio adaptations.
These are, well, full cast audiobooks of the first three SANDMAN graphic novels: Dirk Maggs gave me the role of the narrator, and I gave him the original scripts, so often what I'm saying as narrator is what I asked the artists to draw, over thirty years ago.
These are very straightforward adaptations.
For the upcoming Netflix TV series, we're starting from now, and doing it as if it was being written, for the first time, in 2020. T
he audio adaptations are much closer to the original graphic novels, each episode being a comic in the original.
Eleven hours of drama.
The cast is amazing.
The production and the music are glorious.
I'm not sure about the narrator, but everything else is sparkling and exciting.
I hope you all enjoy it...
For people who need it in a more tangible form, it will also be for sale as CDs.
In 1996 we filmed the original Neverwhere television series (which I wrote for Lenny Henry's company Crucial Films who made it for the BBC).
One of the most inspiring moments for me was when Earl Cameron came in and auditioned to play the Abbot of the Black Friars.
He was a legend back then, 25 years ago.
Watching him audition at an age when most people were already long into retirement was an honour and a treat.
He got the part, not because he was a legend, not because he was an icon, but because he was so good, and his interpretation of the character became, for me, definitive.
It was the one I put into the novel.
Earl had been a trailblazer as a performer on film and on television in the 1950s and 1960s.
He had come to the UK from Jamaica during the Second World War, as a sailor, and had stayed, and become an actor.
He was one of the first UK actors to "break the colour bar", one of the first black actors in Doctor Who, a mainstay of cinema and television, always acting with grace and moral authority.
Now we were fortunate enough to have him and his compassion and his gentle humour, acting away in monkish robes in muddy cellars, chilly vaults, and deserted churches, all over London.
